1. What is National Music?
Gliere - Russian Sailors' Dance
Liszt - Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2
De Falla - The Three Cornered Hat
Webern - Five Pieces for Orchestra
Mayazumi - Pieces Prepared Piano and Strings
Babitt - Composition for Twelve Instruments
Nono - Incontri
2. Internationalism
Bach - Sonata in G minor for Flute and Harpsichord
Vivaldi - Concerto in G Minor for Flute, Bassoon, Violin and Bass
3. Nineteenth Century Nationalism
Wagner - Die Meistersinger, Prelude
Chopin - Mazurka
Verdi - La Traviata, Sempre Libera
Tchaikovsky - Symphony No. 4
4. American Nationalistic Music
Ives - Fourth of July
5. Spanish Nationalistic Folk Music
De Falla - Three Cornered Hat, Dances from Part One
6. A Musical Homage to Country
Smetana - The Moldau